docs(MADR): add inbound in runtime (#8445)
kumahq/kuma: docs/madr/decisions/032-add-inbound-in-runtime.md

```yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: redis
  namespace: kuma-demo
spec:
  ports:
    - port: 6379
      protocol: TCP
      targetPort: 6379
  selector:
    app: redis
    rollouts-pod-template-hash: 778dbdddff
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: redis-preview
  namespace: kuma-demo
spec:
  ports:
    - port: 6379
      protocol: TCP
      targetPort: 6379
  selector:
    app: redis
    rollouts-pod-template-hash: 646998df5c
```
Once it's finished, `redis` will change selector to `rollouts-pod-template-hash: 646998df5c` and `redis-preview` will keep `rollouts-pod-template-hash: 646998df5c` selector. 

## Decision Drivers

* Enable users to use ArgoCD blue-green rollout without traffic interruption

## Considered Options

* Wait for certs using Dataplane Insights
* Wait for certs using XDS callbacks
* Ignore labels in selector to add ignored listener

## Decision Outcome

Chosen option: "Ignore labels in selector to add ignored listener". While it's the hardest to explain. It has no impact on the perf.

## Pros and Cons of the Options

To consider options, we need to first introduce new concept of "Ignored" listener.

> Instead of `healthy: false/true` we also need another state of the listener.

Reviewer: 1. [I think it's `health.ready: bool`](https://github.com/kumahq/kuma/blob/85541e420968cd549a343f9a52e82346b111001c/api/mesh/v1alpha1/dataplane.proto#L100-L117) not `healthy: bool`.
2. Could you add a sentence with clarification if it means we would replace `health.ready: bool` with `state: Ready | NotReady | Ignored`?

```yaml
type: Dataplane
mesh: default
name: redis-646998df5c-nzx4b.kuma-demo
networking:
  address: 10.42.0.25
  inbound:
    - port: 6379
      tags:
        app: redis
        kuma.io/service: redis_kuma-demo_svc_6379
        rollouts-pod-template-hash: 646998df5c
      state: Ready | NotReady | Ignored
```

> * Ready - listener is ready to receive the traffic (equivalent of existing `healthy: true`)
> * NotReady - listener is not ready to receive the traffic (equivalent of existing `healthy: false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ready - listener is ready to receive the traffic (equivalent of existing `health: { ready: true }`)
* NotReady - listener is not ready to receive the traffic (equivalent of existing `health: { ready: false }`)
```

* Ignored - listener is not created. It cannot be targeted by policies. It will however receive a cert with `kuma.io/service` of this listener.

**Why we need Ignored state. Can't we just use NotReady?**
* Targeting outbound. Let say we have active `backend` and `backend-preview`. We want to redirect the traffic from `backend-preview` to `redis-staging`.
  We create traffic policies `backend->redis` and `backend-preview->redis-staging`. If `backend-preview` gets NotReady listener for `backend` and ready for `backend-preview`.

>   It may match either `backend->redis` or `backend-preview->redis-staging` and cause unexpected behavior.

Reviewer: These sentences are unclear to me. I think they should be one sentence. Could you make it a little bit clearer and easier to understand?

Author: Please take a look if it's more clear. If not, it would be great if you would say what is not clear about it, thanks!

Reviewer: Yup, now I got it.

* GUI handling. DPP with at least one unhealthy inbound is considered offline. Service with unhealthy inbound is considered partially degraded.
  This might be confusing for users as rollout is an operation that brings more attention to inspect what is going on in infra.
  Ignored listeners can be just not be considered when computing status of DPP / Service.

### Wait for certs using Dataplane Insights

> Ideally we would like to just mark the inbound as `healthy: false` until we know we received certificate for `kuma.io/service` in this listener.
> Inbounds with `healthy: false` are not included in endpoints set for clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally we would like to just mark the inbound as `health: { ready: false }` until we know we received certificate for `kuma.io/service` in this listener.
Inbounds with `health: { ready: false }` are not included in endpoints set for clients.
```
